# Milestone 4: Last Improvements and Final Reflections

This week we focused on adding a custom feature to our existing wordcloud. The purpose of the wordcloud is to provide a content creator with insight into word use within trending videos titles and descriptions. By emulating descriptive titles or well-crafted descriptions of the videos, aspiring creators may improve their viewership. Previous iterations of our wordcloud displayed monograms or one-word frequencies which are important to consider; however, this arrangement lacks contextual details. These contextual details can unfold for a user through the use of bigrams and trigrams: patterns of two and three words appearing together.  We feel that adding this option will further assist in user engagement and value received. For example, a content creature who produces videos in the gaming category is struggling to improve viewership despite effort in adding descriptive and exclamatory keywords, like "exciting", "stunning", and "Nintendo". They decide to inspect the wordcloud feature of our app and see that the top trending videos in the gaming category use bigrams and trigrams that include "Smash Bros", "Black Ops", and "Call of Duty". They incorporate a strategy of specifically using popular game titles and make an effort to include video content of the same strategy. Along with these changes, they have studied optimal production release dates from the app. Together this results in a 10x increase in viewership.

## What would we do differently if we started from scratch?
<br>
Though in the end, we are pleased with the iterations of the project, two things would have made the journey to our final version less turbulent. First, being more deliberate with the initial choices of UI formats and themes. In retrospect, this seems extremely important to the successful implementation of features as well as the iterations of existing features. Some of the details for consideration include the theme and panel setups. The choice of formatting created constraints around the addition of attributes, selection inputs and tabbing of the main display. These issues might have been mitigated with preliminary consideration of the formatting during mockup and planning. Second, modularizing some of the data wrangling and cleaning outside of the main app file assisted with an improvement of speed for the wordcloud. Initially, this was kept inside the main script of the app and contributed to a slow reaction of the wordcloud.

## What were the greatest challenges you faced in creating the final product?
<br>
Initially, we struggled with converting the tokens into recognizing bigrams and trigrams. Fortunately, the original package, "unnested_tokens" has the ngrams feature built in and we did not have to convert our existing data into specialized "corpuses" as required in other packages. Speed became an issue due to the tokenization operations the ngrams feature would have to perform each time a new word limit was imposed; we limited the number of words into the most interesting features: "Monogram", "Bigram" and "Trigram" and saved these words into data frames that would be read into the main Shiny app file. Our biggest hurdle was filtering out the stop words from the bigrams and trigrams. It became apparent that this was necessary as the number of uninteresting tags were extremely high especially in the descriptions. We ended up filtering the stop words with string detection after they had been tokenized, which should give the same result as the preferred way of filtering out the stop words and then tokenizing.
