Reflection on the usefulness of the feedback you received.
Here are some questions to get some ideas flowing. You aren't expected to (and probably shouldn't) answer all of these questions.
Reflect on the usability of your app. How easy or hard was it for your peers to use your app? Did you expect them to use the app in they way they did?
What things did you hear that's similar across reviewers? Is there a theme here?
From the feedback, what things do you think are appropriate to change in your app, particularly given the time frame you have to improve the app?
What is unreasonable to change, and why? Time restraints? Too technical?
What feedback was the most/least valuable?
What part of the feedback process was most/least valuable?
What did you learn from your experience being a "fly-on-the-wall". Was this useful? Why or why not?
Did the feedback process lead to an improved app? What parts were valuable? What parts were not valuable?
Reflection on how your project has changed since Milestone 2, and why.
More questions to get some ideas flowing:
Was something too difficult to implement in shiny? Or too time consuming? Say so here.
Did your objective change?
Was there a better design choice?
Exercise 3: Improved Shiny App
rubric={viz:11, quality:4, accuracy:3}
Take the feedback you received about your Shiny app and use it to make improvements. Remember, your goal is not to create the perfect shiny app -- it's to make the most critical improvements that you can using the time allocated. There will probably be some amazing features that you'd like your app to have, but would take a very long time to implement -- these aren't the changes we're looking for. They belong on a "wishlist", if you'd like to keep one.
You'll be graded more heavily on the design this time (last time was more heavily weighted towards functionality/code). Your visualizations should link to the usage scenario and tasks.
## Reflection on the usefulness of the feedback you received
### Introduction
<br>
This week we focused on adjusting our app to improve usability based on feedback based on feedback received from classmates and our TA. We then modified the app to reflect the most critical and frequent suggestions. In addition to verbal and written feedback, we considered our own observations of how classmates interacted with the app and finally, our own opinion on the usability. These observations were very valuable when contemplating changes to the app design. The filters we used when considering all opinions and observations focused on adding value for a content creator who is using the app to improve their understanding of patterns and characteristics of publication to grow viewership, for example, the day of the week to publish or specific words to use in video titles and descriptions.
### Feedback
<br>
 There were three main themes of feedback that were consistent between the students, TA and our development team. First, all suggested to modify the aesthetics and placement of elements of the app. Specifically, the ticks and fonts required enlargement. Also, it was suggested that instead of scrolling down the page to access plots, that tabs be used to improve the page organization. Second, all groups suggested adding a category filter to the wordcloud. Third, adding instructive text to help orientate new users.
 We felt that all three themes of feedback were warranted and consistent with the types of questions and discussions we had while observing the usage. We also felt all were relevant to the usage case and realistic to implement given the time constraints and technical abilities.
 The aesthetics of the app contribute to the ease of use of the user. Increasing the size of font and ticks and applying a new theme are quick and efficient methods to improve user satisfaction. Allowing the user to peruse the app without extra effort to read the plot axis and labels improves interaction and engagement. Additionally, we decided to keep the landscape clear of clutter and provide space for instructional text for new users.
 In the same spirit of keeping an uncluttered landing page, we decided to reduce the number of plots appearing on the screen at one time. We implemented tabs to allow the user to focus on one aspect of the app at a time. This required not only coordinating the plots to tabs, but also enforcing the side panel to change as a tab was selected. We feel this coordination between side panel and plot improves the user experience considerably. On the other hand, we realize that keeping all plots within the same view could make it easier for a user to amalgamate information as they use the plots. For example, a user may be investigating the number of likes a category has while also studying the publication times of this same category and may wish to view the plots together instead of flipping through tabs. Further user feedback would be helpful to ascertain the next iteration of these design elements.
 Implementing the category filter to wordcloud was straightforward to implement after strategically filtering the data frame in the global variable section of the code. Originally, we were filtering and applying stop-words within the server section; however, this was slow due to the repeated application of applying the stop-words after selecting filtering criteria in the panel. Further changes to wordcloud could include applying a custom text input to remove words from the wordcloud. This will help in cases where a prominent word has dominated  the representation of the group, making it difficult to read less frequent words in the cloud. Allowing a user to remove a word with a large amount of influence will provide a more meaningful and thorough representation. This is another example of reducing clutter in a plot to convey information.
 Another area of improvement would be to elevate the user experience with a more aesthetically pleasing theme. This is actually hugely important there is still a lot that can be done to make the interface more intuitive and interactive.
 The last area of improvement is to add a small amount of text to assist with user orientation. Users commented that they were confused with what the second plot, "Trending Videos By Time". The confusion focused on what it was conveying. Does it show the time of receiving views/likes/dislikes, time of when the video made trending status, or time of publication of the video? The true purpose is to display the time of the publication. This allows the user to strategically choose an optimal uploading time.

 ### Final Thoughts
 <br>
 There is a lot of benefit in engaging in the iterative process going from concept to implementation while receiving feedback. The factor of letting implemented ideas "simmer" while enduring trials, was helpful to bring major revisions to the surface. It is easy to understand why rushing to production or publication may be a mistake with apps, even though a time constraint may exist. Starting simple and iteratively adding features allows for a considerate and meaningful product. Some of the difficulties along the road to implementing our app included deployment on the site and merging conflicts on Github between team members. Though the Github issue was resolved, considerable time was spent. Understandably, without an iterative process and effort to meet planned milestones, troubleshooting issues may prove more difficult.
 Next steps for our app would include: first, refine text elements to continue and improve new user engagement. Second, possibly implement new plots that convey the rate of change for videos; bringing the "movers and shakers" of the trending videos to the surface. Third, improve user experience with more friendly themes. And fourth, refine the stop-words of the wordcloud through text inputs from the user.
